[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 062 – What Will You Do With Jesus?

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------  
A♭ Major |F. G. Burroughs |Matthew 27:22 |1908 |- |[What will you do with the King called Jesus?] |- |Adam Geibel

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life  
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------     
\- |- |- |-




# 1

What will you do with the King called Jesus?

Many are waiting to hear you say,

Some have despised Him, rejecting His mercy,

What will you do with your King today?

What can you witness concerning His goodness,

Who died to save you from sin's bitter thrall?

Who will declare Him the fairest of thousands?

Who now will crown Him the Lord of all?



Chorus:

What will you do with the King call'd Jesus?

What, oh, what will you do with Jesus?

He waits to bless all who humbly confess

Faith in His blood and righteousness.



# 2

What will you do for the King called Jesus

He who for you left His throne above?

Here 'mid the lowly and sinful to labor,

Daily unfolding His Father's love.

Look on the fields white already to harvest,

Who now is willing to toil with the few?

What will you do for the dear Saviour Jesus?

Lo, He is waiting, He calls for you!  [Chorus]



# 3

What will you do with the King called Jesus,

Who will submit to His gentle sway?

Where are the hearts ready now to enthrone Him?

Who will His kind commands obey?

Come with your ointments most costly and precious,

Pour out your gifts at the dear Saviour's feet;

Render to Him all your loyal devotion;

Seek to exalt Him by praises meet.  [Chorus]

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
