[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 067 – Dare to Do Right

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------  
D Major |Rev. G. Lansing Taylor |Isaiah 41:10 |1908 |- |[Dare to do right, dare to be true!] |- |F. E. Belden

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life  
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------     
\- |- |- |-




# 1

Dare to do right, dare to be true!

You have a work that no other can do;

Do it so bravely, so kindly, so well,

Angels will hasten the story to tell;

Angels will hasten the story to tell.



Chorus:

Dare to do right,

Dare to be true,

Dare!  dare!  dare to be true!



# 2

Dare to do right, dare to be true!

Other men's failures can never save you;

Stand by your conscience, your honor, your faith;

Stand like a hero and battle till death;

Angels will hasten the story to tell.  [Chorus]



# 3

Dare to do right, dare to be true!

God who created you cares for you too;

Treasures the tears that his striving ones shed,

Counts and protects ev'ry hair of your head;

Angels will hasten the story to tell.  [Chorus]



# 4

Dare to do right, dare to be true!

Keep the great Judgment day always in view;

Look at your work as you'll look at it then

Scann'd by Jehovah, and angels, and men;

Angles will hasten the story to tell.  [Chorus]



# 5

Dare to do right, dare to be true!

Jesus, your Saviour, will carry you through;

City, and mansion, and throne, all in sight,

Can you not dare to be true and do right?  

Angels will hasten the story to tell.  [Chorus]

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
