[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 083 – Mercy's Free

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------  
F Major |Richard Jukes |- |1908 |- |[By faith I view my Saviour dying] |- |D. F. Auber

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life  
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------     
\- |- |- |-




# 1

By faith I view my Saviour dying

On the tree, on the tree;

To ev'ry sinner He is crying,

Look to me, look to me.

He bids the guilty now draw near,

Repent, believe, dismiss their fear;

Hark, hark!  what precious words I hear:

Mercy's free, mercy's free.



# 2

Jesus, the Lord of life, hath spoken

Peace to me, peace to me;

Now all my chains of sin are broken,

I am free, I am free.

Soon as I on His name believed,

His pard'ning grace my soul received,

And was from sin and death retrieved,

Mercy's free, mercy's free.



# 3

This precious truth, ye sinners hear it,

Mercy's free, mercy's free;

Ye ministers of God, declare it,

Mercy's free, mercy's free,

Visit the heathen's dark abode,

Proclaim to all the love of God,

And spread the glorious news abroad,

Mercy's free, mercy's free.



# 4

Long as I live I'll still be crying,

Mercy's free, mercy's free;

And thus shall be my theme when dying,

Mercy's free, mercy's free.

And when the vale of death I've passed,

When lodged above the stormy blast,

I'll sing while endless ages last,

Mercy's free, mercy's free.

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
