[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 219 – Standing on the Promises

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------  
B♭ Major |R. K. C. |2 Corinthians 1:20 |1908 |- |[Standing on the promises of Christ my King] |- |R. Kelso Carter

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life  
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------     
\- |- |- |-




# 1

Standing on the promises of Christ my King,

Thro' eternal ages let his praises ring,

Glory in the highest, I will shout and sing.

Standing on the promises of God.



Chorus:

Standing, Standing, 

Standing on the promises of God

Standing, Standing,

I'm standing on the promises of God.



# 2

Standing on the promises that cannot fail,

When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail,

By the living Word of God I shall prevail,

Standing on the promises of God.  [Chorus]



# 3

Standing on the promises I now can see

Perfect, present cleansing in the blood for me;

Standing in the liberty where Christ makes free,

Standing on the promises of God.  [Chorus]



# 4

Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord,

Bound to him eternally by love's strong cord,

Overcoming daily with the Spirit's sword,

Standing on the promises of God.  [Chorus]



# 5

Standing on the promises I cannot fall,

List'ning ev'ry moment to the Spirit's call,

Resting in my Saviour, as my all in all. 

Standing on the promises of God.  [Chorus]

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
