[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 226 – Praise Him!  Praise Him!

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------  
A♭ Major |Fanny J. Crosby |Psalm 146:2 |1908 |- |[Praise Him!  praise Him!  Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!] |- |Chester G. Allen

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life  
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------     
\- |- |- |-




# 1

Praise Him!  praise Him!  Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!

Sing, O earth His wonderful love proclaim!

Hail Him!  hail Him!  highest archangels in glory;

Strength and honor give to His holy name!

Like a shepherd, Jesus will guard His children,

In His arms He carries them all day long;

Praise Him!  praise Him!  tell of His excellent greatness;

Praise Him!  praise Him ever in joyful song!



# 2

Praise Him!  praise Him!  Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!

For our sins He suffered, and bled and died;

He our Rock, our hope of eternal salvation,

Hail Him!  hail Him!  Jesus, the crucified.

Sound His praises!  Jesus who bore our sorrows,

Love unbounded, wonderful, deep and strong;

Praise Him!  praise Him!  tell of His excellent greatness;

Praise Him!  praise Him ever in joyful song!



# 3

Praise Him!  praise Him!  Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!

Heav'nly portals, loud with hosannas ring!

Jesus, Saviour, reigneth forever and ever:

Crown Him!  crown Him!  Prophet, and Priest, and King!

Christ is coming over the world victorious,

Pow'r and glory unto the Lord belong;

Praise Him!  praise him!  tell of His excellent greatness;

Praise Him!  praise Him ever in joyful song!

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
