[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 524 – Count Your Mercies

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------  
G Major |- |- |1908 |- |[Are you heavy laden and with sorrow tried?] |- |Chas. H. Gabriel

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life  
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------     
\- |- |- |-




# 1

Are you heavy laden and with sorrow tried?

Look to faith to Christ, your Helper, Friend, and Guide;

Think of all your mercies, such a boundless store,

Tears will change to praises as you count them o'er.



Chorus:

Count your mercies, such a boundless store,

Count your mercies, pressed and running o'er,

All your mercies, count them o'er and o'er,

Lost in love and wonder at the boundless store.



# 2

Think of hidden dangers He has bro't you thro',

Of the cares and burdens He has borne for you,

Of His words of comfort in your deepest need,

Count the times when Jesus proved a Friend indeed.  [Chorus]



# 3

Does your pathway darken when the clouds draw near?

Count your many mercies, dry the flowing tear;

Trust Him in the shadows dim and have no fear;

"Heav'n will be the sweeter for the dark down here."  [Chorus]



# 4

As He looks from heaven down on you and me,

Know you not He chooseth what each day shall be?

Trust His loving wisdom, tho' the hot tears start,

Give to Him the incense of a grateful heart.  [Chorus]

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
