[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 590 – Man the Life-Boat!

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------  
B♭ Major |M. Woolsey Stryker, D. D.  |- |1908 |- |[Man the life-boat!  Man the life-boat!] |- |Hubert P. Main

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life  
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------     
\- |- |- |-




# 1

Man the life-boat!  Man the life-boat!

Strong and short above the roar,

Sounds the order to the watchers

On the tempest-beaten shore,

Hark!  again the guns appealing!

Signals burn for a swift relief;

There are men and wives and children,

Facing death, on yonder reef!



Chorus:  

Man the life-boat!  Man the life-boat!

Help, for Christ's sake, them that drown!

In the peril of great waters,

Let them not go down!



# 2

Man the life-boat!  Man the life-boat!

Fog and night and cruel sea,

All the odds of death against them,

And eternal jeopardy.

Thou, who bid'st us dare the surges,

Stay us at the struggling oar!

Nay!  go with us to the rescue!

Shall they sink in sight of shore?  [Chorus]



# 3

Man the life-boat!  Man the life-boat!

Courage, fellow men!  'tis He,

Guiding us to your deliv'rance,

Once that trod the Galilee!

And the boat that carries Jesus,

Floods of death shall not o'erwhelm;

Scourging storms but urge us homeward;

Life and love are at the helm!  [Chorus]



# 4

Man the life-boat!  Man the life-boat!

Think how once on breaking deck

Thou didst stand aghast, till Jesus

Bro't thee from the lurching wreck.  

To the oars then!  O Redeemer,

Let Thy heart throb thro' our hand,

Till the souls in mortal danger,

Find thro' Thee the solid land.  [Chorus]



[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
