[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 018 – O Morning Star, How Fair and Bright

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source                                                                                        
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------   
D Major  | Joachim Neander      | Psalm 103:2-5 | -  | 1650 - 1680 | Lobe Den Herren | 14.14.4.7.8 | Chorale Book for England, 1863 

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life     
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------   
\-  | Catherine Winkworth      | 1863 | -  | 1827 - 1878 



# 1

O Morning Star, how fair and bright!

You shine with God’s own truth and light,

Aglow with grace and mercy!

Of Jacob’s race, King David’s son,

Our Lord and Master, You have won

Our hearts to serve You only!

Lowly, holy!

Great and Glorious, all victorious,

Rich in blessing! Rule and might o’er all possessing!



# 2

Lord, when you look on us in love,

At once there falls from God above

A ray of purest pleasure.

Your Word and Spirit, flesh and blood,

Refresh our souls with heav-‘nly food.

You are our dearest treasure!

Let Your mercy warm and cheer us!

O draw near us! For You teach us

God’s own love through You has reached us.



# 3

Almighty Father, in Your Son

You loved us, when not yet begun

Was this old earth’s foundation!

Your Son has ransomed us in love

To live in Him here and above:

This is Your great salvation.

Alleluia! Christ the living,

To us giving life forever,

Keeps us Yours and fails us never!



# 4

O let the harps break forth in sound!

Our joy be all with music crowned,

Our voices gaily blending!

For Christ goes with us all the way –

Today, tomorrow, every day!

His love is never ending!

Sing out! Ring out!

Jubilation! Exultation!

Tell the story!

Great is He, the King of glory!

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
