[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 061 – God Is Here!

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source                                                                                        
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------   
Db Major  | Joachim Neander      | Psalm 103:2-5 | -  | 1650 - 1680 | Lobe Den Herren | 14.14.4.7.8 | Chorale Book for England, 1863 

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life     
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------   
\-  | Catherine Winkworth      | 1863 | -  | 1827 - 1878 



# 1

God is here as we his people

meet to offer praise and prayer,

may we find in fuller measure

what it is in Christ we share.

Here, as in the world around us,

all our varied skills and arts

wait the coming of his Spirit

into open minds and hearts.



# 2

Here are symbols to remind us

of our lifelong need of grace;

here are table, font and pulpit;

here the Word has central place.

Here in honesty of preaching,

here in silence, as in speech,

here in newness and renewal,

God the Spirit comes to each.



# 3

Here our children find a welcome

in the Shepherd’s flock and fold.

Here, as bread and wine are taken,

Christ sustains us, as of old.

Here the servants of the Servant

seek in worship to explore

what it means in daily living

to believe and to adore.



# 4

Lord of all, Church and Kingdom,

in an age of change and doubt,

keep us faithful to the Gospel,

help us work your purpose out.

Here, in this day’s dedication,

all we have to give, receive:

we, who cannot live without you,

we adore you! We believe!

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
