[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 446 – Lo, What a Glorious Sight Appears

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source                                                                                        
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------   
F Major  | Joachim Neander      | Psalm 103:2-5 | -  | 1650 - 1680 | Lobe Den Herren | 14.14.4.7.8 | Chorale Book for England, 1863 

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life     
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------   
\-  | Catherine Winkworth      | 1863 | -  | 1827 - 1878 



# 1

Lo, what a glorious sight appears

To our believing eyes!

The earth and seas are passed away

And the old rolling skies.

And the old rolling skies,

And the old rolling skies;

The earth and seas are passed away,

And the old rolling skies.



# Refrain

O that will be joyful, joyful, joyful!

O that will be joyful

When we meet to part no more!

When we meet to part no more

On Canaan’s happy shore;

‘Tis there we’ll meet at Jesus’ feet,

When we meet to part no more!



# 2

Attending angels shout for joy

And the bright armies sing-

Mortals! Behold the sacred seat

Of your descending King.

Of your descending King,

Of your descending King;

Mortals! Behold the sacred seat

Of your descending King.



# 3

His own soft hand shall wipe the tears

From every weeping eye;

And pains, and groans, and griefs, and fears,

And death itself shall die!

And death itself shall die,

And death itself shall die;

And pains, and groans, and griefs, and fears,

And death itself shall die.



# 4

How long, dear Savior! Oh, how long

Shall this bright hour delay?

Fly swifter round, ye wheels of time!

And bring the welcome day.

And bring the welcome day,

And bring the welcome day;

Fly swifter round, ye wheels of time!

And bring the welcome day.

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
