[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 467 – Life Is Great! So Sing About It

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source                                                                                        
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------   
F Major  | Joachim Neander      | Psalm 103:2-5 | -  | 1650 - 1680 | Lobe Den Herren | 14.14.4.7.8 | Chorale Book for England, 1863 

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life     
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------   
\-  | Catherine Winkworth      | 1863 | -  | 1827 - 1878 



# 1

Life is great! So sing about it,

As we can and as we should-

Shop and buses, towns and people,

Village, farmland, field and wood,

Life is great and life is given;

Life is lovely, free and good.



# 2

Life is great! What ever happens,

Snow or sunshine, joy or pain,

Hardship, grief or disillusion,

Suffering that I can’t explain

Life is great if someone loves me,

Holds my hand and calls my name.



# 3

Love is great! The love of lovers,

Whispered words and longing eyes;

Love that gazes at the cradle

Where a child of loving lies;

Love that lasts when youth has faded,

Bends with age, but never dies.



# 4

Love is giving and receiving

Boy and girl, or friend with friend;

Love is bearing and forgiving

All the hurts that hate can send;

Love’s the greatest way of living,

Hoping, trusting to the end.



# 5

God is great! in Christ He loved us,

As we should, but never can-

Love that suffered, hoped and trusted

When disciples turned and ran,

Love that broke through death forever.

Praise that loving, living Man!

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
