[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 575 – Let Your Heart Be Broken

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source                                                                                        
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------   
F Major  | Joachim Neander      | Psalm 103:2-5 | -  | 1650 - 1680 | Lobe Den Herren | 14.14.4.7.8 | Chorale Book for England, 1863 

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life     
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------   
\-  | Catherine Winkworth      | 1863 | -  | 1827 - 1878 



# 1

Let your heart be broken for a world in need:

Feed the mouths that hunger, soothe the wounds that bleed,

Give the cup of water and the loaf of bread

Be the hands of Jesus, serving in His stead.



# 2

Here on earth applying principles of love,

Visible expression – God still rules above

Living illustration of the Living Word

To the minds of all who’ve Never seen or heard.



# 3

Blest to be a blessing privileged to care,

Challenged by the need apparent everywhere.

Where mankind is wanting, fill the vacant place.

Be the means through which the Lord reveals His grace.



# 4

Add to your believing deeds that prove it true,

Knowing Christ as Savior, make Him Master, too.

Follow in His footsteps, go where He has trod;

In the world’s great trouble risk yourself for God.



# 5

Let your heart be tender and your vision clear;

See mankind as God sees, serve Him far and near.

Let your heart be broken by a brother’s pain;

Share your rich resources, give and give again.

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
