[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 634 – Come, All Christians, Be Committed

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source                                                                                        
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------   
F Major  | Joachim Neander      | Psalm 103:2-5 | -  | 1650 - 1680 | Lobe Den Herren | 14.14.4.7.8 | Chorale Book for England, 1863 

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life     
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------   
\-  | Catherine Winkworth      | 1863 | -  | 1827 - 1878 



# 1

Come, all Christians, be committed

To the service of the lord;

Make your lives for him more fitted,

Tune your hearts with one accord.

Come into His courts with gladness,

Each his sacred vows renew,

Turn away from sin and sadness,

Be transformed with life anew.



# 2

Of your time and talents give ye,

They are gifts from God above;

To be used by Christians freely

To proclaim His wondrous love.

Come again to serve the Savior,

Tithes and off’rings with you bring.

In your work, with Him find favor,

And with joy His praises sing.



# 3

God’s command to love each other

Is required of every one;

Showing mercy to one another

Mirrors His redemptive plan.

In compassion He has given

Of His love that is divine;

On the cross sins were forgiven;

Joy and peace are fully thine.



# 4

Come in praise and adoration,

All who in Christ’s name believe;

Worship Him with consecration,

Grace and love you will receive.

For His grace give Him the glory,

For the Spirit and the Word,

And repeat the gospel story

Till mankind His name has heard.

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
