[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 224 – Seek Ye First the Kingdom

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source                                                                                        
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------   
F Major  | Joachim Neander      | Psalm 103:2-5 | -  | 1650 - 1680 | Lobe Den Herren | 14.14.4.7.8 | Chorale Book for England, 1863 

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life     
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------   
\-  | Catherine Winkworth      | 1863 | -  | 1827 - 1878 



# 1

Seek ye first the kingdom,

‘Tis your Father’s will.

So the voice of Jesus bids us follow still.

Saviour, we would hear Thee,

Follow, find, and see;

And in life’s adventure Thy disciples be.



# 2

As for hidden treasure,

Or for matchless pearl,

When at last discovered,

some will sell their all;

So, when breaks the vision of that

kingdom fair,

Ours shall be its riches And its beauty rare.



# 3

As the silent leaven works its secret way,

Or as grows the seed grain

through the night and day;

Lord, so be the increase, peaceable but sure,

Of Thy word within us,

And Thy kingdom’s power.



# 4

As the tender seedling grows up

tall and strong,

And the birds of heaven to its

branches throng; So shall all God’s children,

from the east and west,

Gather to His kingdom, In its shadow rest.



# 5

Humblest shall be greatest,

poor in spirit reign;

Home shall come the childlike,

born through Thee again;

Eager hearts arrive there on the

pilgrim’s road,

Hail! The kingdom glorious of the living God!

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
