[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 447 – Long Upon the Mountains

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source                                                                                        
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------   
F Major  | Joachim Neander      | Psalm 103:2-5 | -  | 1650 - 1680 | Lobe Den Herren | 14.14.4.7.8 | Chorale Book for England, 1863 

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life     
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------   
\-  | Catherine Winkworth      | 1863 | -  | 1827 - 1878 



# 1

Long upon the mountains weary,

Have the scattered flocks been torn;

Dark the dessert paths, and dreary;

Grievous trials have they borne.

Now the gathering call is sounding,

Solemn in its warning voice;

Union, faith, and love, abounding,

Bid the little flock rejoice.



# 2

Now the light of truth they’re seeking,

In its onward track pursue;

All the ten commandments keeping,

They are holy, just, and true.

On the words of lire they’re feeding,

Precious to their taste so sweet;

All their Master’s percepts heeding,

Bowing humbly to His feet.



# 3

In that light of light and beauty,

In that golden city fair,

Soon its pearly gates they’ll enter,

And of all its glories share.

There, divine the soul’s expansions;

Free from sin, and death, and pain;

Tear will never dim those mansions

Where the souls immortal reign.



# 4

Soon He comes! With clouds descending;

All His saints, entombed arise;

The redeemed, in anthems blending,

Shout their vict’ry thro’ the skies.

O, we long for Thine appearing;

Come, O Savior, quickly come!

Blessed hope! Our spirits cheering,

Take thy ransomed children home.

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
