[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)

# 497 – O Gracious Father of Mankind

Key | Author   | Specific Bible Passage     |Hymn Date |Author's life |Tune |Metrical Pattern   |Composer/Source                                                                                        
-- | --------- | ---------------------------|----------|--------------|-----|-------------------|-------------   
F Major  | Joachim Neander      | Psalm 103:2-5 | -  | 1650 - 1680 | Lobe Den Herren | 14.14.4.7.8 | Chorale Book for England, 1863 

Original Language | Translater | Translation Date   | Translater's Life     
----------------- | --------- | --------------------|-------------   
\-  | Catherine Winkworth      | 1863 | -  | 1827 - 1878 



# 1

O gracious Father of mankind,

Our spirits’ unseen friend;

High heaven’s Lord, our hearts’ dear guest,

To Thee our prayers ascend.



# 2

Thou dost not wait till human speech

Thy gifts divine implore;

Our dreams, our aims, our work, our lives

Are prayers Thou lovest more.



# 3

Thou hearest these, the good and ill,

Deep buried in each breast;

The secret thought, the hidden plan,

Wrought out our unexpressed.



# 4

O cleanse our prayers from human dross,

Attune our lives to Thee,

Until we labor for those gifts

We ask on bended knee.



# 5

Our best is but Thyself in us,

Our highest thought Thy will;

To hear Thy voice we need but love,

And listen, and be still.



# 6

We would not bend Thy will to ours,

But blend our wills to Thine;

Not dreams, our aims, our work, our lives

Are prayers Thou lovest more.



# 7

Thou seekest us in love and truth

More than our minds seek Thee;

Through open gates Thy power flows in

Like flood tides from the sea.



# 8

No more we seek Thee from afar,

Nor ask Thee for a sign,

Content to pray in life and love

And toil, till all are Thine.

[⬅️ Back to index](../README.md)
